doc/csgcca.adoc, before:

csgcca(1)
=========
:doctype: manpage

NAME
----
csgcca - a compiler wrapper that runs the GCC analyzer in background


SYNOPSIS
--------
*csgcca* ['--help' | '--print-path-to-wrap']


DESCRIPTION
-----------
csgcca is a compiler wrapper that runs 'gcc -fanalyzer' in background.  Create
a symbolic link to csgcca named as your compiler and put it to your $PATH.

The following parameters are given to the GCC analyzer by default:

    * -fanalyzer

    * -fdiagnostics-path-format=separate-events

    * -fno-diagnostics-show-caret

    * -c -o /dev/null

The following parameters are passed to the GCC analyzer from compiler's command
line:

    * -D...

    * -I...

    * -include ...

    * -iquote ...

    * -isystem ...

    * -m16

    * -m32

    * -m64

    * -fexceptions

    * -fno-exceptions

    * -O...

    * -std...

If csgcca is installed on system, the following command activates the wrapper:
-------------------------------------------------
export PATH="`csgcca --print-path-to-wrap`:$PATH"
-------------------------------------------------


OPTIONS
-------
*--help*::
    Prints basic usage information.

*--print-path-to-wrap*::
    Prints path to the directory with symlinks to the csgcca executable.


EXIT STATUS
-----------
csgcca propagates the exit status returned by the compiler (in case csgcca
succeeds to run the compiler).  The exit status returned by the GCC analyzer
does not affect the resulting exit status.


ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
---------------------
*DEBUG_CSGCCA*::
    If set to a non-empty string, csgcca outputs the list of parameters given
    to the GCC analyzer to the standard output.

*CSGCCA_ADD_OPTS*::
    csgcca expects a colon-separated list of GCC options that should be
    appended to command line prior to invoking the GCC analyzer.  The options
    are appended even if they already appear in the command line and they are
    always appended at the end of the command line.


BUGS
----
Please report bugs and feature requests at https://github.com/csutils/cscppc .


AUTHOR
------
Written by Kamil Dudka.


COPYING
-------
Copyright \(C) 2020-2021 Red Hat, Inc. Free use of this software is granted
under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).  See the COPYING file
for details.

Commit message:

Changes after review.
1. analyzer_bin_envvar renamed  to analyzer_bin_envvar_name
2. CSGCCA_ANALYZER_BIN documented
3. comments in code are updated

doc/csgcca.adoc, after:

csgcca(1)
=========
:doctype: manpage

NAME
----
csgcca - a compiler wrapper that runs the GCC analyzer in background


SYNOPSIS
--------
*csgcca* ['--help' | '--print-path-to-wrap']


DESCRIPTION
-----------
csgcca is a compiler wrapper that runs 'gcc -fanalyzer' in background.  Create
a symbolic link to csgcca named as your compiler and put it to your $PATH.

The following parameters are given to the GCC analyzer by default:

    * -fanalyzer

    * -fdiagnostics-path-format=separate-events

    * -fno-diagnostics-show-caret

    * -c -o /dev/null

The following parameters are passed to the GCC analyzer from compiler's command
line:

    * -D...

    * -I...

    * -include ...

    * -iquote ...

    * -isystem ...

    * -m16

    * -m32

    * -m64

    * -fexceptions

    * -fno-exceptions

    * -O...

    * -std...

If csgcca is installed on system, the following command activates the wrapper:
-------------------------------------------------
export PATH="`csgcca --print-path-to-wrap`:$PATH"
-------------------------------------------------


OPTIONS
-------
*--help*::
    Prints basic usage information.

*--print-path-to-wrap*::
    Prints path to the directory with symlinks to the csgcca executable.


EXIT STATUS
-----------
csgcca propagates the exit status returned by the compiler (in case csgcca
succeeds to run the compiler).  The exit status returned by the GCC analyzer
does not affect the resulting exit status.


ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
---------------------
*DEBUG_CSGCCA*::
    If set to a non-empty string, csgcca outputs the list of parameters given
    to the GCC analyzer to the standard output.

*CSGCCA_ADD_OPTS*::
    csgcca expects a colon-separated list of GCC options that should be
    appended to command line prior to invoking the GCC analyzer.  The options
    are appended even if they already appear in the command line and they are
    always appended at the end of the command line.

*CSGCCA_ANALYZER_BIN*::
    If set to a non-empty string, csgcca will use the value as a path (relative
    or absolute) to analyzer binary.


BUGS
----
Please report bugs and feature requests at https://github.com/csutils/cscppc .


AUTHOR
------
Written by Kamil Dudka.


COPYING
-------
Copyright \(C) 2020-2021 Red Hat, Inc. Free use of this software is granted
under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).  See the COPYING file
for details.
